fix(aws): rework CD docs (#163)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/aws/ContinuousDeployment.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 2

> You can deploy all changes that you make to a fork of the nRF Asset Tracker for AWS automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can automatically deploy all changes that you make to a fork of the nRF Asset Tracker for AWS.
```

.. note::

   It is optional to keep the deployment in your AWS account automatically synchronized with your fork's source code repository.

Fork the nRF Asset Tracker repositories
***************************************

To enable continuous deployment, complete the following steps:

1. Fork `the nRF Asset Tracker for AWS repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-aws-js>`_.

#. Update the `repository.url <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-aws-js/blob/3ddf0c117de7f22f02df46c3e1ca899915627d46/package.json#L15>`_ in the :file:`package.json` file in your fork. It should point to the repository URL of your fork.

#. Fork `the Cat Tracker web application repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-app-js>`_.

#. Update the `deploy.webApp.repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-aws-js/blob/3ddf0c117de7f22f02df46c3e1ca899915627d46/package.json#L144>`_ in the :file:`package.json` file of your nRF Asset Tracker for AWS fork. It should point to the repository URL of your fork of the Cat Tracker web application.

Provide GitHub credentials
**************************

> This is a manual one-time step that is needed so the AWS CodePipeline project created when enabling continuous deployment below is able to register a webhook in the GitHub repository of your fork to be notified about changes.

Reviewer: This is a very long and complex sentence. How about something like this:

When you enable the continuous deployment, you create an AWS CodePipeline project.
This is a manual one-time step to enable the AWS CodePipeline project to register a webhook in the GH repository of your fork to be notified about changes.

   :local:
   :depth: 2

You can automatically deploy all changes that you make to a fork of the nRF Asset Tracker for AWS.

.. note::

   It is optional to keep the deployment in your AWS account automatically synchronized with your fork's source code repository.

Fork the nRF Asset Tracker repositories
***************************************

To enable continuous deployment, complete the following steps:

> 1. Fork `the nRF Asset Tracker for AWS repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-aws-js>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Fork the `nRF Asset Tracker for AWS repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-aws-js>`_.
```

> #. Update the `repository.url <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-aws-js/blob/3ddf0c117de7f22f02df46c3e1ca899915627d46/package.json#L15>`_ in the :file:`package.json` file in your fork. It should point to the repository URL of your fork.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Update the `repository.url <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-aws-js/blob/3ddf0c117de7f22f02df46c3e1ca899915627d46/package.json#L15>`_ in the :file:`package.json` file in your fork. It must point to the repository URL of your fork.
```

> #. Fork `the Cat Tracker web application repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-app-js>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Fork the `Cat Tracker web application repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-app-js>`_.
```

> #. Update the `deploy.webApp.repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-aws-js/blob/3ddf0c117de7f22f02df46c3e1ca899915627d46/package.json#L144>`_ in the :file:`package.json` file of your nRF Asset Tracker for AWS fork. It should point to the repository URL of your fork of the Cat Tracker web application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Update the `deploy.webApp.repository <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-aws-js/blob/3ddf0c117de7f22f02df46c3e1ca899915627d46/package.json#L144>`_ in the :file:`package.json` file of your nRF Asset Tracker for AWS fork. It must point to the repository URL of your fork of the Cat Tracker web application.
```

    node cli configure-api context stack cd 1
    npx cdk deploy '*'

This sets up an AWS CodePipeline, which triggers an AWS CodeBuild project for every push to the ``saga`` branch.
You can customize the branch by providing the name in ``deploy.branch`` in the :file:`package.json` file of your nRF Asset Tracker for AWS fork.

> A second AWS CodePipeline will be set up for the web application, which triggers a CodeBuild project for every push to the :file:`saga` branch.
> Configure the repository URL and the branch for the web application in the ``deploy.webApp`` property of the :file:`package.json` file of your nRF Asset Tracker for AWS fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another AWS CodePipeline is set up for the web application.
It triggers a CodeBuild project for every push to the :file:`saga` branch.
Configure the repository URL and the branch for the web application in the ``deploy.webApp`` property of the :file:`package.json` file of your nRF Asset Tracker for AWS fork.
```
